Update ruby docs (#3241)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/ruby/common/configuration/options.mdx

Sentry respects logger levels.

`max_breadcrumbs`

> : The maximum number of breadcrumbs the SDK would hold. Default is `100`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: This variable controls the total amount of breadcrumbs that should be captured. The default is `100`.
```
